DOC-3224: Premium plugins now include ESM module support. (#3940)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/8.3.0-release-notes.adoc

// // CCFR here.

// For information on the **<Premium plugin name 1>** plugin, see: xref:<plugincode>.adoc[<Premium plugin name 1>].
=== Premium plugins now include ESM module support
// #TINY-12888

All premium plugins now include an `+index.mjs+` file in their dist folders alongside the existing `+index.js+` file. The `+index.mjs+` file uses ES module (`+import+`) syntax instead of CommonJS (`+require+`) syntax, allowing bundlers and integrators to use native ESM without requiring a CommonJS compatibility layer.

> The `+package.json+` file in each premium plugin's dist folder has been updated to include proper module exports configuration:

Reviewer: This feels a bit too much like giving away internal detail unnecessarily to me. This is what _we_ did - I think it'd be more useful to focus on how this can be used _by integrators._

Would also be good to sanity check and note:
- Which artifacts this applies to (NPM bundle, ZIPs, etc.)
- That the core plugins already had this (so now people can use it for all plugins)

Reviewer 2: yeah agreed, how's

```
Premium plugins can now be consumed via ES modules (import) as well as CommonJS (require). This removes the need for CommonJS compatibility shims when integrating with modern ESM toolchains.
```

I think in general we want to keep this as simple as possible for release note?

Author: Updated to fall inline with suggestions.

[source,json]
----
{
  "main": "index.js",
  "module": "index.mjs",
  "exports": {
    ".": {
      "import": "./index.mjs",
      "require": "./index.js"
    },
    "./package.json": "./package.json"
  }
}
----

> This enables modern bundlers to automatically select the appropriate module format based on the project's configuration, improving compatibility and reducing the need for additional build tooling.

Author: ```suggestion
Premium plugins in {productname} {release-version} can now be consumed as native ES modules (`import`) in addition to CommonJS (`require`). This enhancement aligns premium plugins with the existing ESM capabilities already available in core plugins and applies to all distributed artifacts, including NPM packages and ZIP bundles. The update enables modern bundlers to automatically resolve the optimal module format, improving compatibility with ESM-focused toolchains and removing the need for CommonJS shims during integration.
```
